Clarify the fields that is available only for Bot Mgmt Ent customer (Botxxx, JA3) (#9911)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/logs/reference/log-fields/zone/http_requests.md

| Field | Value | Type |
| -- | -- | -- |

> | BotDetectionIDs | List of IDs that correlate to the Bot Management Heuristic detections made on a request. Available in Logpush v2 only. Available only for Bot Management customers (please contact your account team to enable). | array[int] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BotDetectionIDs | List of IDs that correlate to the Bot Management Heuristic detections made on a request. Available in Logpush v2 only. Available only for Bot Management customers. To enable this feature, contact your account team. | array[int] |
```

> | BotScore | Cloudflare Bot Score. Scores below 30 are commonly associated with automated traffic. Available only for Bot Management customers (please contact your account team to enable). | int |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BotScore | Cloudflare Bot Score. Scores below 30 are commonly associated with automated traffic. Available only for Bot Management customers. To enable this feature, contact your account team. | int |
```

> | BotScoreSrc | Detection engine responsible for generating the Bot Score. <br />Possible values are <em>Not Computed</em> \| <em>Heuristics</em> \| <em>Machine Learning</em> \| <em>Behavioral Analysis</em> \| <em>Verified Bot</em> \| <em>JS Fingerprinting</em> \| <em>Cloudflare Service</em>. Available only for Bot Management customers (please contact your account team to enable). | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BotScoreSrc | Detection engine responsible for generating the Bot Score. <br />Possible values are <em>Not Computed</em> \| <em>Heuristics</em> \| <em>Machine Learning</em> \| <em>Behavioral Analysis</em> \| <em>Verified Bot</em> \| <em>JS Fingerprinting</em> \| <em>Cloudflare Service</em>. Available only for Bot Management customers. To enable this feature, contact your account team. | string |
```

> | BotTags | Type of bot traffic (if available). Refer to [Bot Tags](/bots/concepts/cloudflare-bot-tags/) for the list of potential values. Available in Logpush v2 only. Available only for Bot Management customers (please contact your account team to enable). | array[string] |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BotTags | Type of bot traffic (if available). Refer to [Bot Tags](/bots/concepts/cloudflare-bot-tags/) for the list of potential values. Available in Logpush v2 only. Available only for Bot Management customers. To enable this feature, contact your account team. | array[string] |
```

| FirewallMatchesSources (deprecated) | The firewall products that matched the request. The same product can appear multiple times, which indicates different rules or actions that were activated. The RuleIDs can be found in FirewallMatchesRuleIDs, the actions can be found in FirewallMatchesActions. The length of the array is the same as FirewallMatchesRuleIDs and FirewallMatchesActions. <br />Possible sources are <em>unknown</em> \| <em>asn</em> \| <em>country</em> \| <em>ip</em> \| <em>ipRange</em> \| <em>securityLevel</em> \| <em>zoneLockdown</em> \| <em>waf</em> \| <em>firewallRules</em> \| <em>uaBlock</em> \| <em>rateLimit</em> \| <em>bic</em> \| <em>hot</em> \| <em>l7ddos</em> \| <em>botFight</em> \| <em>apiShield</em> \| <em>botManagement</em> \| <em>dlp</em> \| <em>firewallManaged</em> \| <em>firewallCustom</em>. Use SecuritySources instead (available in Logpush v2 only). | array[string] |

> | JA3Hash | The MD5 hash of the JA3 fingerprint used to profile SSL/TLS clients. Available in Logpush v2 only. Available only for Bot Management customers (please contact your account team to enable). | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| JA3Hash | The MD5 hash of the JA3 fingerprint used to profile SSL/TLS clients. Available in Logpush v2 only. Available only for Bot Management customers. To enable this feature, contact your account team. | string |
```
